webmap/README.md, before:

## Synopsis

This mini-project written in Python3.6 generates a webmap with markers based on the information from a csv file.

## Dependencies

This mini-application is written in python 3.6. For this reason, you will need python 3.6 and a few other libraries to be installed. They are : 
<br \>

(1)[Python 3-6](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-360/)
<br \>
(2) [Numpy](http://www.numpy.org/). Can be installed by typing : 

```
pip3 install numpy    
```

(3) Pandas 
```
pip3 install pandas
```
(4) folium 
```
pip3 install folium
```

## Usage

This project is really easy to use. You just have to follow these instructions : 

<br\>

(1) Donwload and unarchive the files <br \>

(2) Run the file webmap_creator.py. If you are running it from a Unix Shell (i.e. Mac OS or Linux), just type this command :  

```bash
python3 webmap_creator.py
```

(3) Specify the file you will be using as your input data (i.e. the file where the markers will be collected from). The file MUST be in a [CSV format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comma-separated_value ) and have (at least) the following collumns : 

```
(a) NAME -- A string representing the name of the marker
(b) LAT  -- A floating point number storing the latitude of the marker
(c) LON  -- A floating point number storing the longitude of the marker
```

An example of such a CSV file is Volcanoes_USA.txt. 

(4) Once the program finished running, it will generate a [HTML] (https://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/HyperText_Markup_Language) file that, when opened in the browser, will display the map.

Commit message:

added colour distinction for markers

webmap/README.md, after:

## Synopsis

This mini-project written in Python3.6 generates a webmap with markers based on the information from a csv file.

## Dependencies

This mini-application is written in python 3.6. For this reason, you will need python 3.6 and a few other libraries to be installed. They are : 
<br \>

(1)[Python 3-6](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-360/)
<br \>
(2) [Numpy](http://www.numpy.org/). Can be installed by typing : 

```
pip3 install numpy    
```

(3) Pandas 
```
pip3 install pandas
```
(4) folium 
```
pip3 install folium
```

## Usage

This project is really easy to use. You just have to follow these instructions : 

<br\>

(1) Donwload and unarchive the files <br \>

(2) Run the file webmap_creator.py. If you are running it from a Unix Shell (i.e. Mac OS or Linux), just type this command :  

```bash
python3 webmap_creator.py
```

(3) Specify the file you will be using as your input data (i.e. the file where the markers will be collected from). The file MUST be in a [CSV format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comma-separated_value ) and have (at least) the following collumns : 

```
(a) NAME -- A string representing the name of the marker
(b) LAT  -- A floating point number storing the latitude of the marker
(c) LON  -- A floating point number storing the longitude of the marker
(d) ELEV -- An integer representing the elevation of the specific point on the map. This is used to colour the markers differently based on elevation.
```

An example of such a CSV file is Volcanoes_USA.txt. 

(4) Once the program finished running, it will generate a [HTML] (https://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/HyperText_Markup_Language) file that, when opened in the browser, will display the map.
